why do you want to feel
happy like honestly why do you want to
be
happy I want you to sit down for a
second and think about this question not
why do you want to have the car why do
you want to have more money I want you
to think for a second and ask yourself
why do I want to be happy hi guys
welcome back to my channel I'm Micha and
in today's video I want to encourage you
to not give up whatever you're going
through right now wherever you are in
life right now whatever you want to
achieve do not give up and I will tell
you why and how I feel like there are so
many misconceptions about happiness in
today's society on social media even on
TV with all the instant gratifications
we are always seeing happiness as
something good as the only thing good
and everything that is not happiness is
bad so we are striving so hard to be
happy all the time but let me tell you
something honey it doesn't exist you
cannot be happy all the time and the
more we strive to be happy all the time
to look for the good only for the good
things all the time the more unhappy we
get because we we cannot accept
ourselves once we are not happy and we
feel like we're complete failure why are
we not happy we supposed to be happy
right no honey you are not supposed to
be happy all the time you cannot be
happy all the time think about day and
night there cannot be day all the time
and there cannot be night all the time
and that's completely correct fine and
actually perfect that it's that way
because without the night we would not
experience never daytime without daytime
we would not experience never nighttime
without the heat we would not experience
cold without cold we would not
experience heat and so on and so on one
doesn't exist without the other if
you're standing in a dark room where is
simply dark there is no even tiny bit of
light would you see anything no and if
you're stand ing in a room full of light
there is no tiny bit of Darkness it's
just bright would you see anything no
the beauty is in connecting these both
because then you're able to see and
that's the same with our emotions with
being happy being sad being angry with
all this big Spectrum on emotions that
we blessed humans are able to experience
we are able to experience all of this
for a reason reason we are able to
experience love in order to be able to
experience hate and otherwise we are
able to experience sadness in order to
be able to experience happiness and
that's such a beautiful thing
because at the end of the day would you
want it to be daytime all the rest of
your life I don't think so how can you
appreciate the sun rising when the sun
is never set thing the sun has to set in
order to rise again it's an up and down
it's a flow and that's a universal law
you cannot deny it but that's the beauty
it's something really beautiful in that
how would you be able to appreciate
anything without the contrast of it you
would not appreciate it anymore another
great example for this is the weather
the weather in the UK for example
and the weather in the UAE the weather
in UK is mostly most time of the year
it's gray there is not much sun and it's
pretty cold and when there is Sun out
people appreciate the sun they run out
they want to get the sun they are happy
when the sun is there but in opposite in
the UAE most of the time there is Sun
people cannot see the sun anymore people
run out when it's raining when it's
cloudy they make pictures of the clouds
they're happy when it's finally a little
bit more cold and that's literally the
same as it is with your life with your
emotions with everything in this life
it's an up and down and you have to
appreciate the down as much as you
appreciate the up because without each
other it wouldn't exist just think back
for a second think of your life think of
EXP experiences you've been through how
often have you felt sad already in your
life how often have you felt down in
your life what happened every time after
you've been sad after you have been
angry after you have been feeling down
you were feeling happy again you were
feeling much better again you were
feeling love most of the time it even
goes higher up than it was before it's
an up and down up and down and once you
learn to appreciate these ups and downs
every down is still a down but it won't
have such an effect on you because the
problem is once we are down we are
trying to push it away we are trying to
get out of it we are feeling like this
cannot be we have to be happy we have to
be up again but no honey you can enjoy
your down and see it as a period of
slowing down see see it as it's nice to
be down there actually because I know it
will go up again and will feel so good
when it's up so use your low instead of
being used by it you can use this low
face you can use your sadness you can
use your anger whatever you're feeling
that you don't want to feel feel it
accept it and use it for something that
is beneficial for you whatever it is you
can use it to rest you can use sadness
in order to rest to finally rest
sometimes we feel sad without any reason
because our body tells us we need to
rest we need to slow down we can use our
anger for example to create something
when we feel angry it's a surge of
energy right we have a lot of energy and
instead of supressing it or letting it
out in a wrong way we can use it as fuel
to do something that is beneficial for
us we can go to the gym we can go for a
run we can go create something we can do
something with these emotions they are
here to be felt and they are here to be
used for something most of the poems
most of the said songs when were they
created they were not created in
happiness as especially the ones who
were super successful they were created
in sadness they were created with
emotions of sadness of grief of feeling
lost of
feeling all these miserable
feelings of feeling down they were used
to create
something in order to then after having
an up again and and feeling happy again
that's what emotions are here for they
are here for to tell us something and to
push us to do something with this
emotion at the end of the day you cannot
avoid the lows same as you cannot avoid
the highest but when you're low the only
thing you can do is try to neutralize it
and Escape its effects you don't want to
be so affected by it that's why you can
use it for something that is beneficial
for you and by the way honey who even
says what is low and what is up what is
happiness and what is sadness who
defines that it's different for each one
of us you define your own happiness you
define your own rules in life you define
your own standards your own standards
for beauty for how life should be for
success for everything in life you are
your standard there are no standards out
there that you have to follow there are
no standards in life there is no written
book that you have to follow your life
is your own book and you can write it as
you want it to be you can create your
standards how they are beneficial for
you and not to control you and to make
you feel worse you can accept your loss
and still appreciate what you have if
you're always looking at others and
you're thinking their grass is greener
than yours you are wrong honey nobody
else's grass is greener than yours you
just have to water your grass you have
to take care of your grass you have to
know and appreciate you have grass it's
there and guess what honey while you are
looking over the face to someone else's
Garden to appreciate their grass someone
else is looking over their fence and
appreciating your grass nobody else sets
the bar for your life but you and only
you I want you to stop make yourself
feel worse just because you're not
feeling your best just because you're
not where you want to be just because
you are not where other people are it's
pointless to compare yourself to others
or to a life that is not yours your
journey is only yours and no one else's
Journey would ever align with your
vision with your dreams with your
thoughts with whatever you are creating
so again there is nothing wrong with
being happy but there is also nothing
wrong with being sad there is nothing
wrong with being low there is nothing
wrong with all of this we just have to
learn to not have it affect us so much
because if we are drowning ourselves
even more in misery because we are not
there yet because we are not happy now
because we are feeling low then we just
continue to feel low we cannot go up
because we are trying to avoid our loss
we are trying to avoid our sadness we
are trying to avoid things that cannot
be avoided once you learn to appreciate
to accept it and see it as what they are
the beginning of a new phase it's fine
then we finally can do something with it
we finally can appreciate it we finally
can see it actually as a blessing every
moment that seems so bad every situation
every experience that seems like we
could never move on from this is
actually a blessing once we accept it
and see it as a blessing there are
people out there who have lost their
legs and they saw it as a blessing they
made the most out of it they completely
transformed their lives and after this
incident that happened they living a way
better life than what they were living
before why because they do not Define
themselves from one experience their
life is not always night because one
night has happened and I want you to see
it the same way whatever bad happens
it's not forever whatever happens
whatever you're experiencing is
temporary and it's a phase and a phase
is there to teach you something or to
push you to do something differently and
another amazing example are breakups
breakups are so painful you are losing
someone right you're losing someone you
have so many memories and and and you
feel bad you feel miserable because of
the breakup but what happens after the
breakup after the breakup and after the
healing phase everyone has a glow up
everyone suddenly has an amazing life
everyone learns so much so so in the end
it turns out that this breakup was a
blessing because it made your life
better
but only for the ones who went through
the healing phase and saw it as a face
and said at some point to themselves
it's okay to feel set it's okay to have
all these feelings right now it's okay
to have lost this person and then
they're starting to move on they're
starting to not put push away the
feelings they're starting to First feel
the feelings and then they know this is
a phase and the phase has an end it's a
beginning and an end and it's the start
of an upward Trend or take people who
lost their job they think this is the
worst that could have happened in life
at the beginning most of the time I hear
things like I cannot live without this
job I will never make money again and
they are in a LW they feel down right
but what happens after after they feel
down after they accept that the
situation as it is and saw it as fuel to
do something some of them they created
their own business and they are
successful business owners or they made
their hobby as their job whatever it is
always after those periods good things
are happening but you have to let it
happen you have to say it's okay to feel
bad it's okay to feel sad it's okay
whatever I feel right now and then look
at it as a blessing what can I do with
this moment with this situation in order
to not let it affect me to not let it
use me but to use it for my own benefit
I hope this could help I hope this could
motivate you to not give up with
whatever you're going through right now
and I thank you so much for watching I
will see you in my next video I love you
so much bye-bye